README.md, before:

# Valitor-Omni plugin for Magento 2.3

== Change log ==

** Version 1.3.0

    * Improvement:
            - New database table according to the branding changes                  
            - Several refactored files                     
            - Database update for cleanup job after the rebraning changes
            - Added a second batch of branding changes (renamed layout files and references)
    * Bug Fixes
            - Error not showing on browser back buton usage.
            - Discounts not handled properly due to unitPrice and discount percentage
            - PHP 7.2 limitation has been removed


** Version 1.2.0

    * Improvements:
            - Invoice automatically generated when autocapture or ePayment is used
            - Added section for order status when AutoCapture is on
    * Bug fix:
            - Notification flow broken
            - Wrong module version sent to the payment gateway
                -- before installing this version please run:
                    ```sh
                        $ bin/magento module:uninstall SDM_Altapay -r
                    ```
                    
                
** Version 1.1.0

    * Improvements:
        ** Rebranding from Altapay to Valitor
        ** Platform and plugin versioning information sent to the payment gateway
        ** Added support for virtual products
	
    * Bug fix:
        ** Validation Error not been shown at back button from checkout page
        ** Order Status stall in "Pending"
        ** Payment capture often fails


** Version 1.0.0

    * First version, having as a base the initial Magento 2 plugin (https://github.com/AltaPay/magento2)
    * Note: separate plugin because of the no backward compatibility

Commit message:

* Bug Fixes     - 302 errors due to the missing of CsrfValidator     - Klarna error message not shown to the consumer

README.md, after:

# Valitor-Omni plugin for Magento 2.3

== Change log ==

** Version 1.3.1

    * Bug Fixes
            - 302 errors due to the missing of CsrfValidator
            - Klarna error message not shown to the consumer
            

** Version 1.3.0

    * Improvement:
        - New database table according to the branding changes                  
        - Several refactored files                     
        - Database update for cleanup job after the rebraning changes
        - Added a second batch of branding changes (renamed layout files and references)
    * Bug Fixes
        - Error not showing on browser back buton usage.
        - Discounts not handled properly due to unitPrice and discount percentage
        - PHP 7.2 limitation has been removed


** Version 1.2.0

    * Improvements:
        - Invoice automatically generated when autocapture or ePayment is used
        - Added section for order status when AutoCapture is on
    * Bug fix:
        - Notification flow broken
        - Wrong module version sent to the payment gateway
            -- before installing this version please run:
                ```sh
                    $ bin/magento module:uninstall SDM_Altapay -r
                ```
                
    
** Version 1.1.0

    * Improvements:
        ** Rebranding from Altapay to Valitor
        ** Platform and plugin versioning information sent to the payment gateway
        ** Added support for virtual products
	
    * Bug fix:
        ** Validation Error not been shown at back button from checkout page
        ** Order Status stall in "Pending"
        ** Payment capture often fails


** Version 1.0.0

    * First version, having as a base the initial Magento 2 plugin (https://github.com/AltaPay/magento2)
    * Note: separate plugin because of the no backward compatibility
